Overhaul the labels page to reflect current GH labeling practice (#930)
python/devguide: triage/issue-tracker.rst

  information as appropriate). In particular, *what version of Python* you
  were using.

> It is also acceptable to tag someone to if you think the issue
> should be brought to their attention.  Use the :ref:`experts` to know
> who wants to be added to the nosy list for issues targeting specific areas.

Reviewer: After this was moved here, the "It is also" is now out of context/out of place here, and it is also now lacking a mention about _how_ to actually tag people on GitHub, which is particularly important given the audience here may include people relatively new to GitHub who might not be as familiar with this. Therefore, I suggest a few adjustments accordingly:

```suggestion
You can tag someone, with :samp:`@{username}` in a comment,
if you think the issue should be brought to their attention.
Use the :ref:`experts` to know who wants to be tagged for specific areas.
```

Also, I eliminated some now-outdated text about "added to the nosy list"

> There is a number of additional fields like **Assignees**, **Labels**,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are a number of additional fields like **Assignees**, **Labels**,
```

Fix grammar (singular/plural agreement)

**Projects**, and **Milestone**. Those are filled by triagers and core

> developers and are covered in the :ref:`triaging` page. You don't need

Reviewer: Is it, though? Right now, the only mention I see of how to use these fields on that page is similarly brief:

> Where appropriate, set the `Assignees`, `Reviewers`, `Project` fields, and possibly `@mention` relevant people.

To note, some of them (particularly `Assignees`, which seems to be the one with the most confusion and least clarity or constancy about how to use it among many triagers and even core developers) are already described on the previous `labels` page, which could potentially be moved over to the `triaging` page (but are currently eliminated entirely without apparent replacement in this PR).

Author: The `experts` page (linked in the previous paragraph) covers who can be assigned too, so maybe we could tweak that sentence to say "...to be tagged *or assigned*"?
We could probably drop Milestones from the list since we don't use them.

Reviewer: Yeah, makes sense to me I guess :+1:

  information as appropriate). In particular, *what version of Python* you
  were using.

You can tag someone, with :samp:`@{username}` in a comment,
if you think the issue should be brought to their attention.
Use the :ref:`experts` to know who wants to be
tagged or assigned for specific areas.

There are a number of additional fields like **Assignees**, **Labels**,
and **Projects**. Those are filled by triagers and core
developers and are covered in the :ref:`triaging` page. You don't need
to worry about those when reporting issues as a Python user.

Adding special links
--------------------

The following abbreviations can be used in a comment to generate a link:

* :samp:`GH-{NNN}`: to link to another issue or PR;
* :samp:`PEP-{NNN}`: to link to a specific PEP;
* :samp:`BPO-{NNN}`: to link to a bugs.python.org issue;

See also the `list of autolinks supported by GitHub <autolinks_>`_.

Following issues
----------------

If you want to subscribe yourself to an issue, click the :guilabel:`🔔 Subscribe`
button in the sidebar.  Similarly, if you were tagged by somebody else but

> decided this issue is not for you, you might click the :guilabel:`🔕 Unsubscribe`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
decided this issue is not for you, click the :guilabel:`🔕 Unsubscribe`
```

May as well be direct here, if the user has already decided the issue is not for them.
